[feat] Compiler option css: 'none' support (#7914)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/05-compile-time.md

| `accessors` | `false` | If `true`, getters and setters will be created for the component's props. If `false`, they will only be created for readonly exported values (i.e. those declared with `const`, `class` and `function`). If compiling with `customElement: true` this option defaults to `true`.
| `customElement` | `false` | If `true`, tells the compiler to generate a custom element constructor instead of a regular Svelte component.
| `tag` | `null` | A `string` that tells Svelte what tag name to register the custom element with. It must be a lowercase alphanumeric string with at least one hyphen, e.g. `"my-element"`.

> | `css` | `"injected"` | If `"injected"` (formerly `true`), styles will be included in the JavaScript class and injected at runtime for the components actually rendered. If `"external"` (formerly `false`), the CSS will be returned in the `css` field of the compilation result. Most Svelte bundler plugins will set this to `"external"` and use the CSS that is statically generated for better performance, as it will result in smaller JavaScript bundles and the output can be served as cacheable `.css` files. If `"none"`, styles are completely avoided and no CSS output is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `css` | `'injected'` | If `'injected'` (formerly `true`), styles will be included in the JavaScript class and injected at runtime for the components actually rendered. If `'external'` (formerly `false`), the CSS will be returned in the `css` field of the compilation result. Most Svelte bundler plugins will set this to `'external'` and use the CSS that is statically generated for better performance, as it will result in smaller JavaScript bundles and the output can be served as cacheable `.css` files. If `'none'`, styles are completely avoided and no CSS output is generated.
```
